NMS-16147: Extend confd support for Core container (#6692)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/configuration/core-docker.adoc

[options="header, %autowidth"]
|===
| Environment variable | Description |  Default value

3+| *Optional*

| OPENNMS_KARAF_SSH_HOST
| Listen interface for Karaf shell
| 0.0.0.0

| OPENNMS_KARAF_SSH_PORT
| SSH port for Karaf shell
| 8101
|===

=== Cassandra and Newts configuration

These options are written to `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/opennms.properties.d/_confd.newts.properties`.

[options="header, %autowidth"]
|===
| Environment variable | Description | Default value

3+| *Optional*

| REPLICATION_FACTOR
| Set Cassandra replication factor for the newts keyspace if Newts is used.
| 1

| OPENNMS_CASSANDRA_HOSTNAMES
| A comma-separated list with Cassandra hosts for Newts
| localhost

| OPENNMS_CASSANDRA_KEYSPACE
| Name of the keyspace used by Newts
| newts

| OPENNMS_CASSANDRA_PORT
| Cassandra server port
| 9042

| OPENNMS_CASSANDRA_USERNAME
| Username with access to Cassandra
| cassandra

| OPENNMS_CASSANDRA_PASSWORD
| Password for user with access to Cassandra
| cassandra
|===

=== Daemon control

Select daemons are able to be enabled or disabled through the container definition with the following boolean variables.

[options="header, %autowidth"]
|===

> | Environment variable

Reviewer: This looks odd as a table with only one cell. Maybe make it a bulleted list?

Author: That can be done.  I had made it a table to fit with the format of the other sections, but a list does make more sense here.

> | *Optional*
> 
> | OPENNMS_DAEMONS_CORRELATOR
> 
> | OPENNMS_DAEMONS_ENLINKD
> 
> | OPENNMS_DAEMONS_SNMPPOLLER
> 
> | OPENNMS_DAEMONS_SYSLOGD
> 
> | OPENNMS_DAEMONS_TELEMETRYD
> 
> | OPENNMS_DAEMONS_TICKETER
> 
> | OPENNMS_DAEMONS_TRAPD
> |===

Author: ```suggestion
* OPENNMS_DAEMONS_CORRELATOR
* OPENNMS_DAEMONS_ENLINKD
* OPENNMS_DAEMONS_SNMPPOLLER
* OPENNMS_DAEMONS_SYSLOGD
* OPENNMS_DAEMONS_TELEMETRYD
* OPENNMS_DAEMONS_TICKETER
* OPENNMS_DAEMONS_TRAPD
```

=== RRD/RRA definitions

> Data collection retention RRA definitions can only be defined via `{page-component-name}-config.yaml` and not by environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define data collection retention RRA definitions only via `{page-component-name}-config.yaml` and not by environment variables.
```

If RRA definitions are provided, any `<rra>` elements will be replaced across all `\*datacollection*` files and any files located in `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/\*datacollection*.d/` subdirectories.
This does not change the RRA definitions for pollerd services.

> IMPORTANT: If you change the RRA definitions once datacollection has already run, you will need to manually delete any existing RRD/JRB files so they can be recreated with the new definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: If you change the RRA definitions after datacollection has already run, you will need to manually delete any existing RRD/JRB files so they can be recreated with the new definition.
```

> No new metrics will be collected until the files are deleted or the RRA definitions reverted back to their previous values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No new metrics will be collected until the files are deleted or the RRA definitions revert back to their previous values.
```

WARNING: If you want to have different RRA definitions for different collections, do not use this setting and instead overlay the specific config files as necessary.

[source, yaml]
----
opennms:
  rrd:
    rras:
      - RRA:AVERAGE:0.5:1:2016
      - RRA:AVERAGE:0.5:12:1488
      - RRA:AVERAGE:0.5:288:366
      - RRA:MAX:0.5:288:366
      - RRA:MIN:0.5:288:366
----

=== Kafka broker configuration

> Kafka broker settings can only be defined via `{page-component-name}-config.yaml` and not by environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define Kafka broker settings only via `{page-component-name}-config.yaml` and not by environment variables.
```

These options are written to `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/opennms.properties.d/_confd.kafka.properties`.

[source, yaml]
----
opennms:
  instance_id: "<id>" <1>
ipc:
  kafka:
    bootstrap.servers: <2>
      - broker1:9092
      - broker2:9092
    key: value <3>
  sink: <4>
    initialSleepTime: 66666
    kafka:
      key: value <5>
----
<1> If modifying the instance ID, make sure to set the same ID on the Minion configs.
<2> If you have multiple Kafka brokers in your cluster, {page-component-title} will attempt to connect to each listed server in order.
The first broker server to respond will be used to provide a full list of all brokers in the cluster.
<3> Any settings defined within this section will be written as `org.opennms.core.ipc.kafka.key=value`.
<4> You can also define `ipc.rpc.kafka.\*`, `ipc.sink.kafka.\*`, and `ipc.twin.kafka.\*`, with a similiar structure, if you want to define different settings for each of those systems.
<5> Any settings defined within this section will be written as `org.opennms.core.ipc.sink.kafka.key=value`.

=== Kafka consumer configuration

> Kafka Consumer settings can only be defined via `{page-component-name}-config.yaml` and not by environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define Kafka consumer settings only via `{page-component-name}-config.yaml` and not by environment variables.
```

[source, yaml]
----
opennms:
  kafka:
    consumer:
      topic: opennms-kafka-events <1>
      bootstrap.servers: <2>
        - broker1:9092
        - broker2:9092
      key: value <3>
----
<1> Topic will be written to `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/org.opennms.features.kafka.consumer.cfg`.

> <2> If you have multiple Kafka brokers in your cluster, Kafka Consumer will attempt to connect to each listed server in order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> If you have multiple Kafka brokers in your cluster, Kafka consumer will attempt to connect to each listed server in order.
```

The first broker server to respond will be used to provide a full list of all brokers in the cluster.
This setting will be written to `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/org.opennms.features.kafka.consumer.client.cfg`.
`$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/featuresBoot.d/kafka-consumer.boot` will also be created when bootstrap servers have been defined.
<3> Any settings defined within this section will be written as `key=value` to `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/org.opennms.features.kafka.consumer.client.cfg`.

=== Elastic flows configuration

> Elastic settings can only be defined via `{page-component-name}-config.yaml` and not by environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define Elastic settings only via `{page-component-name}-config.yaml` and not by environment variables.
```

[source, yaml]
----
opennms:
  instance_id: "<id>" <1>
elastic:
  flows:
    hosts: <2>
    - host: http://elastic:9200 <3>
      username: elastic
      password: e1@stic
    - host: broker2:9092
    key: value <4>
----
<1> If an instance ID is present, it will be used as an index prefix.
<2> If you have multiple Elastic servers in your cluster, {page-component-title} will attempt to connect to each listed server in order.
The first  server to respond will be used to provide a full list of all servers in the cluster.
<3> If your Elastic servers require credentials, you can define `username` and `password` values which will be written to `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/elastic-credentials.xml`.
Alternatively, you can define `globalElasticUser` and `globalElasticPassword` in the config section to define one set of credentials to use across all Elastic servers.
<4> Any settings defined within this section will be written as `key=value` to `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/org.opennms.features.flows.persistence.elastic.cfg`.

=== System properties

> System properties can only be defined via `{page-component-name}-config.yaml` and not by environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define system properties only via `{page-component-name}-config.yaml` and not by environment variables.
```
